Normalization is a database design technique that reduces data redundancy and eliminates undesirable characteristics
like Insertion, Update and Deletion Anomalies. Normalization rules divides larger tables into smaller tables and links
them using relationships. The purpose of Normalisation in SQL is to eliminate redundant (repetitive) data and ensure
data is stored logically.

What is a KEY in SQL?

A KEY in SQL is a value used to identify records in a table uniquely. An SQL KEY is a single column or combination of
multiple columns used to uniquely identify rows or tuples in the table. SQL Key is used to identify duplicate
information, and it also helps establish a relationship between multiple tables in the database.

Note: Columns in a table that are NOT used to identify a record uniquely are called non-key columns.

What is a Primary Key in SQL?

A primary is a single column value used to identify a database record uniquely.

It has following attributes

    A primary key cannot be NULL
    A primary key value must be unique
    The primary key values should rarely be changed
    The primary key must be given a value when a new record is inserted.

What is Composite Key?

A composite key is a primary key composed of multiple columns used to identify a record uniquely

Foreign Key references the primary key of another Table! It helps connect your Tables

    A foreign key can have a different name from its primary key
    It ensures rows in one table have corresponding rows in another
    Unlike the Primary key, they do not have to be unique. Most often they aren’t
    Foreign keys can be null even though primary keys can not

Database Normal Forms

Here is a list of Normal Forms in SQL:

    1NF (First Normal Form)
    2NF (Second Normal Form)
    3NF (Third Normal Form)
    BCNF (Boyce-Codd Normal Form)
    4NF (Fourth Normal Form)
    5NF (Fifth Normal Form)
    6NF (Sixth Normal Form)

1NF (First Normal Form) Rules

    Each table cell should contain a single value.
    Each record needs to be unique.

2NF (Second Normal Form) Rules

    Rule 1- Be in 1NF
    Rule 2- Single Column Primary Key that does not functionally dependant on any subset of candidate key relation

3NF (Third Normal Form) Rules

    Rule 1- Be in 2NF
    Rule 2- Has no transitive functional dependencies

